Add chapter 6 notes. (#24)
r4ds/bookclub-islr: 06.Rmd

- [Allison Horst's whale-shark-vs-krill](https://twitter.com/allison_horst/status/1288904459490213888):

![imagine you're a whale shark...](images/pca_whale_shark.png)

## Principal Components Regression {.unnumbered .unlisted}

- [Allison Horst's whale-shark-vs-krill](https://twitter.com/allison_horst/status/1288904459490213888):

![...approaching this delicious krill swarm](images/pca_krill.png)

## Principal Components Regression {.unnumbered .unlisted}

(Future cohorts: Try to get a screenshot of everyone turning their head like the shark; Cohort 1 mostly had their cameras off, so I didn't get a head turn)

- PCA chooses $\phi$s to capture as much variance as possible.
- Will be discussed in more detail in Chapter 12.
- First principal component = line of best fit to the data
- Second principal component = orthoganol to 1st, best fit remaining
- Etc

## Principal Components Regression {.unnumbered .unlisted}

![Figure 6.15](images/06_pca_1.png)

$$Z_1 = 0.839 \times (\mathrm{pop} - \overline{\mathrm{pop}}) + 0.544 \times (\mathrm{ad} - \overline{\mathrm{ad}})$$

## Principal Components Regression {.unnumbered .unlisted}

![Figure 6.19](images/06_pcr_simulated2.png)

> - Assume most of the variation in $X$ is associted with variatioin in $Y$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Assume most of the variation in $X$ is associated with variation in $Y$.
```
